README.md, before:

# Nativescript plugin for Audio playback (WIP)

## Usage

This plugin is prepared to allow you to test and try it out via the `demo` folder.
Additionally it provides a proper `.gitignore` to keep GitHub tidy as well as `.npmignore` to ensure everyone is happy when you publish your plugin via npm.


## Development:

Install typescript: `npm install -g typescript`

1. Make changes to plugin files
2. Make changes in `demo` that would test those changes out
3. `npm run demo.ios` or `npm run demo.android`  **(must be run from the root directory)**

Those `demo` tasks are just general helpers. You may want to have more granular control on the device and/or emulator you want to run. For that, you can just run things the manual way:

```
cd demo

// when developing, to ensure the latest code is built into the demo, it's a gaurantee to remove the plugin and add it back
tns plugin remove nativescript-audioplayer-plugin
tns plugin add ..

// manual platform adds
tns platform add ios
// and/or
tns platform add android
```

Then use any of the available options from the `tns` command line:

* [Emulate your project](https://github.com/NativeScript/nativescript-cli#emulate-your-project)
* [Run your project](https://github.com/NativeScript/nativescript-cli#run-your-project)
* [Full list of commands](https://github.com/NativeScript/nativescript-cli#the-commands)

Commit message:

feat(android): add notification icon customization
uses a drawable named 'tns_audioplayer_small_icon' or just 'icon'

README.md, after:

# Nativescript plugin for Audio playback (WIP)

## Usage

This plugin is prepared to allow you to test and try it out via the `demo` folder.
Additionally it provides a proper `.gitignore` to keep GitHub tidy as well as `.npmignore` to ensure everyone is happy when you publish your plugin via npm.

### Android Notification

The Android foreground notification channel can be customized via the string resource keys: `tns_audioplayer_notification_title` and `tns_audioplayer_notification_desc`. See the demo [strings.xml](demo/App_Resources/Android/src/main/res/values/strings.xml) for an example.
The notification icon can be set by having a drawable named `tns_audioplayer_small_icon` or `icon` (checks in that order) in your `App_Resources/Android/src/main/res`.

## Development:

Install typescript: `npm install -g typescript`

1. Make changes to plugin files
2. Make changes in `demo` that would test those changes out
3. `npm run demo.ios` or `npm run demo.android`  **(must be run from the root directory)**

Those `demo` tasks are just general helpers. You may want to have more granular control on the device and/or emulator you want to run. For that, you can just run things the manual way:

```
cd demo

// when developing, to ensure the latest code is built into the demo, it's a gaurantee to remove the plugin and add it back
tns plugin remove nativescript-audioplayer-plugin
tns plugin add ..

// manual platform adds
tns platform add ios
// and/or
tns platform add android
```

Then use any of the available options from the `tns` command line:

* [Emulate your project](https://github.com/NativeScript/nativescript-cli#emulate-your-project)
* [Run your project](https://github.com/NativeScript/nativescript-cli#run-your-project)
* [Full list of commands](https://github.com/NativeScript/nativescript-cli#the-commands)
